you're pushers, your team to meet standards. You. It's simple early and
often you communicate your standards and what's expected of them,
and you reinforce those expectations early and often by being present
by being around them. By displaying those standards by pushing those
standards by encouraging them to meet those standards, it'll it might
take time. Some teams take longer than others, and you'll eventually
get there. But one key thio this method is you also have to, um,
you also have to. I'm trying to figure out the words to say You have
to lay out a plan to get there so you can't leave the blind if you're
blind, blind, can't lead the black so established A plan to get
to those standards and take your team throughout those steps and move
forward, Move accordingly. That's that's That's one way that I could
I could think of